She's alive! Take her straight
to the hospital.
Don't worry.
everything is going to be ok.
I don't remember.
but I woke up in a cold
sweat and Monica was sleeping
next to me peacefully.
That happens a lot when you
take Al-Prazer Lam.
I prefer it to the Panic attacks.
If you still feel a little shaky.
I can write you a new prescription.
No. I'm feeling good. Yeah.
I miss being out in the field.
but I've settled in at the office
and I'm doing a lot better.
Also with Monica. my girlfriend.
It was hard for her when
I came back from
Afghanistan with my PTSD and
all of that.
But she was always there for me.
And do you wake up before
or after the accident?
And how do you feel about
everything going on there now?
I'm speaking to you today
from the same
spot where on October of 2001.
President George W. Bush formed our
nation and the United States
military begun strikes on terrorist
training camps in Afghanistan.
I flew to Afghanistan to
the Kunar Valley.
What I saw on that trip reinforced
my conviction that only the
Afghans have the right
and responsibility
to leave their country.
And that more and endless
American military force could
not create or sustain a
durable Afghan government.
I concluded that it's time to
end America's longest war.
It's time for American troops
to come home.
A plane has crashed into the
World Trade Center this morning.
The United States military
has begun strikes
against the Taliban regime
in Afghanistan.
Afghan women fear for their
rights since the Americans
announced their intention to
leave the country.
The U.S. signed an
agreement with the Taliban.
The war is ending after two
decades of conflict in Afghanistan.
The embassies in Kabul are
closing one by one.
American personnel is being
evacuated in emergency.
Is this not just about
the Afghan people?
It's about us and our security.
The Taliban have surrounded the
capital and are threatening
to enter the city at any moment.
People are panicking all
around Kabul.
Fazal. a car is approaching.
Civilians.
Go check them.
May God Guard you commander.
We're coming from Mazar-e-Sharif.
The main roads are jammed
but I knew this route...
- I'm a merchant.
- And where're you going?
I worked for the Germans.
I'm going to ask their embassy for help.
Most embassies are closed.
Go straight to the airport.
they have diplomatic missions there.
You shouldn't stay here. the road
is swarming with Taliban.
How close?
They are on the Koh Daman road.
but they might come this way too...
- Good luck!
- May Allah protect you!
It's your turn now.
Back into position!
They're surrounding Kabul.
But that doesn't mean they'll attack.
But what if they do?
Do you really trust them?
I worked near Erad. I made carpets.
I had a small shop in the bazaar.
I was an informant for the Italian
army there for two years.
Between 2013 and 2015.
Then I learned my father was
sick and I had
to go back to my family in Hondas.
What kind of informant?
I give information about movements.
about who supports Taliban.
about Taliban coming into town.
All sorts of information.
Do you have any proof?
Anyone who can verify
what you are telling
me? Any papers?
Who was your contact?
Of course I don't have any
proofs. If I had proofs.
I would have destroyed it.
You know what Taliban
do to traitors?
I am only asking for a visa for
my wife and four
children. That's all.
But if you don't have proof.
why would the Taliban?
Do you realize what we
have done for you?
The risks we have taken.
The sacrifices because we
don't want Taliban.
I know. I'm sorry.
We simply can't give
visas to everyone.
That's not my problem.
I'm sorry.
Why do we test you?
You come in my country and
make a mess of everything.
It was a mess long
before we got here.
don't you think?
All right.
Wait here. Wait here.
Your husband can't go.
Your husband is not on the visa.
Five minutes. I'll be right back.
Can I have a word?
Sure.
Sir. I've been with this guy for
15 minutes and he won't listen.
He says it was an
informant for the army.
but he doesn't have any proof.
Sir. I was thinking that
maybe we should try...
Did you check the records?
No. I don't have access.
Then go home. Ask for access.
And if in doubt.
ask your conscience.
Does he look like a liar
or does he seem honest?
I don't know.
Then if you don't know.
just don't do it for him.
Do it for them.
I can guarantee you one thing.
That history will judge us
for selling out
this country at the
expense of women.
How long have you been here?
Three months.
Have you ever left the embassy?
Oh well. You're just here
to sell visas.
aren't you?
Well. you could have done
that from Rome.
Next one. please.
Is she always like that?
She did three years in Syria
and two in Iraq.
Does that answer your question?
- What's happening?
- The hospital has three back-up generators.
there's no risk.
Amina. Amina!
Tell me. Amina. I checked little Nooria's
file. what is she still doing here?
- I believe her condition is still not stable.
- On what basis?
Because we have three dialysis patients
sleeping in the hallway.
So I'd like to know why someone
who received a transplant six weeks ago
and is in perfect health
is still taking up a bed!
She's having a hard time
with the anti-rejection drugs.
I prefer keeping her under observation
a little longer!
So you're suggesting we keep a patient
for nausea
in an over-crowded ward?
I want her discharged
before the end of the week!
She's really dead.
- She's a dragon.
- You wanted to work in her department.
If I ever become like her. kill me!
How're you feeling?
- Why aren't you eating?
- I'm not hungry.
My dear...
Honey...
My dear. you have to eat...
or else you won't be strong.
I won't get well.
I don't want to feel better.
I know you don't want to. but you'll
have to go back to Kandahar soon.
But Amina. the other
girls are all mean there.
I'm sure you're exaggerating.
I'll just take care of the house.
okay?
I'm just going to take
your blood pressure. okay?
The problem isn't that women
don't have the right to leave
home without their husbands.
as the defendant. Mr Muhamad claims.
Nor is it their wish
to replace our courts
with Islamic courts.
No. The problem is...
that they organized a terrorist attack
on Zarghona high school.
And their connection to this plot
was clearly demonstrated
by the prosecution.
That is why I ask you. Your Honor.
to sentence these men
to 15 years imprisonment
for aiding and abetting a terrorist plot.
Salam.
Unbelievable!
We ask for 15 years
and what did they get?
Only one!
Baqir?
One minute.
Excuse me.
Oh sorry. I forgot everyone was
coming tonight!
- Hi. no problem.
- Sit down.
You finally get to marry off Amina and you
forget the day you meet her fiancé?!
Don't be an idiot!
Nice to meet you. Ma'am.
Nice to meet you too. Ghulam.
I've heard so much about you!
- Who received only a year sentence?
- A terrorist. Taliban.
Of course.
No one is willing to put them in prison
knowing that they'll be back in power
as soon as the Americans leave.
Don't be a pessimist!
We'll fight.
You and your men maybe.
but not the Afghan army.
they're corrupt to the bone!
When will we meet your parents?
They would have liked to come but.
But unfortunately.
they couldn't because
of the fighting on the road.
They apologized profusely.
What do you think
about the Taliban?
- What does your father think of the Taliban?
- Fazal!
It's okay.
My father's very pious.
but he doesn't support the Taliban.
Anyway. unless we flee the country.
- we'll all be living under their yoke soon.
- We won't leave the country. Dad.
I won't either.
You still think they'll let you work?
We're not gonna have this debate
for the 10th time with you...
Let's talk about the war.
The Taliban have changed since 1996.
They know this country needs doctors.
Ghulam. you're simply too young to know
what you're talking about.
The Taliban don't change.
they never will.
The second they take Kabul. they'll
turn this country into a living hell.
I'm going to get the meal ready.
You coming. Amina?
How was your first operation?
So. how did your first transplant go?
It was amazing!
At one point.
I held the kidney in my hand
and it was still pulsating.
Can you believe that?
How is your disease?
And how's your patient?
She's exhausted from the operation.
but she pulled through!
You have to be proud of yourself.
You must be proud.
I'm proud of you!
I am proud of you.
My little cat...
Where have you been?
Taliban. Americans...
kill lists...
judges...
You don't care about that stuff.
Hi. it's dad.
I just wanted to tell you
that I will be back in France soon.
And I would love to see you.
Call me if you like.
What do we do with the computers?
No orders yet.
but when in doubt. destroy them.
There is no time to lose.
We have been burning files
for two days.
but it seems like we
are getting nowhere.
Well. work harder.
We can't leave anything behind.
Got it.
Yoran. what are you doing?
I am not leaving the
fish to the Taliban.
Yes. we will print them visas.
But just because we are the
last embassy still open.
doesn't mean we have to
take care of
everyone the other Europeans
left behind.
I understand that I
can't work miracles.
Call you back.
I got some very troubling intel.
The Taliban have taken Jalalabad
and Pulichaka prison.
They freed everyone.
Taliban. of course.
but also regular criminals
and Daesh.
Why would they do that?
They are saying it's
a blanket amnesty.
but I think they just want
ISIS to start creating chaos.
I don't believe the Taliban
is going to wait
until the 31st to enter the city.
That was the deal.
It was.
So you think we have
to close the embassy?
I do.
I don't think anyone
is safer anymore.
Okay. I'll talk it over with
Paris and keep you posted.
Did you hear about Pul-e-Charki?
The Taliban just entered the prison.
They freed all the inmates.
You can't stay here anymore.
it's too dangerous.
You can't either.
Zahara. you're a woman.
and you convicted dozens of them.
I'm sure you are on the
list of their murders.
I'm sure you're at
the top of their kill list!
They won't enter Kabul
until the Americans have left.
At worst. my husband
and I got French visas.
You should all be in a plane already.
And what's your plan?
I'm too old. Zahara.
But you're too young to be executed!
I'll retire. that will be enough for them.
And what will you do all day?
I'll pray morning and night
to still be alive
when they're driven out again.
And dead when they come back again.
Vehicles approaching.
It's them. get in position.
What are we doing?
- What do we do?
- Get ready to fight!
There's too many of them!
Get back in position!
Stay in position!
Fazal. it's suicide.
There aren't enough of us!
Brother. we're useless here!
We have to run!
- We're not just going to give up?
- What do you want to do?
Take on the Taliban together?
Fire!
Lay down your arms. brothers.
War is enough!
You are all pardoned!
Go home to celebrate the victory
of the Afghan people over the invader!
450 calories in this.
They must add MSG or something.
They should try adding flavor.
Thank you.
0.03 grams of salt.
I mean. when you lose your
leg on an IED.
you'll be glad your femoral
artery wasn't clogged.
The Taliban have entered Kabul.
The Americans say they're about
to take over
the presidential palace.
and they'll be at the airport
in a few hours.
We go on red alert.
Pack your things. We're evacuating.
The plane will be
leaving Afghanistan
with the entire Italian
diplomatic delegation
in three hours.
Yes.
How much time would that give us?
Okay. my security chief
just arrived.
Please call me back as soon
as you know more.
They're heading for the green zone.
I spoke with the General Masri.
They are coordinating with
the Americans
to send us two genuks.
Now I'm gonna destroy
the encryption room
and the last sensitive documents.
In less than an hour.
there would be no trace left
of the French presence
in Afghanistan.
I'll prepare the evacuation.
Afghanistan's president.
Ashraf Ghani.
announced that he'd left the
country for his safety.
Taliban are talking about
a peaceful
transfer of power in Kabul.
while Taliban fighters are already
leaving the presidential palace.
Confusion rages in the city...
What a bastard.
How could he abandon us like that?
Are you really surprised?
He's leaving with his pockets full!
And so is his government!
What did you expect him to do?
The Taliban are already
at the presidential palace.
If he hadn't left. what do you think
would have happened to him?
When you lead a country
and have a sense of honor...
you'll fight till the end.
You fight to the end.
- It's not even ringing!
- I'm sure everything's fine.
I heard there wasn't any fighting.
Is Baqir at home?
I just hope he's already packing your bags.
They've been packed for a long time...
I'll take you home.
Are you kidding?
They said two Chinooks and we
end up with this?
Shit. we can't fit more than
ten of us in there.
Then we'll evacuate the
diplomats first.
You. me and the police will
wait for the next helicopter.
If they know an ambassador
is still in Kabul.
they'll have to...
No way. We evacuate the diplomats.
It means you first.
No! I'm the captain of this ship.
I won't abandon my
team. I'm staying.
You're not abandoning anyone.
The Taliban are pouring into
the green zone.
If they find out that the
French ambassador is still here.
we'll all be in danger.
including the Afghans who are
hiding under this roof.
So. come on. put this on.
Put this on.
Okay.
You're getting on this damn bird.
It's my responsibility. okay?
It'll be more useful at
the airport to
find a way to pick us up.
Okay. let's go.
Embassy staff. fast!
I'll meet you at the airport
before nightfall. I promise.
Embassy staff. go. go. go!
Go. go! Go. embassy staff. come on!
They're not sending out
the helicopters.
are they?
I don't know.
Who are? All squad!
I want the embassy totally secure.
I want rotation at the gate.
And get the Afghans to safety!
We also need to take stock
of our food supplies.
Yes. sir!
Okay?
Hurry up. Zahara!
Hurry up!
- Amina...
- Father. how are you?
We're going to the French embassy.
Come with us! Tell Ghulam to come too!
It's crazy to stay!
- If you want to be killed. then stay!
- Have you heard from Fazal?
Yes. he's fine. so is your mother.
My dear. please come with us.
Please honey. join us.
You don't have a minute to lose!
I am not leaving!
I haven't even applied for a visa!
Don't worry. we'll figure out the visa!
You're coming to France with us.
Calm down.
Calm down. papa!
I'll call you back.
Why did you tell her you spoke to Fazal?
I didn't want her to worry more.
You have to hurry.
They've taken over the neighbourhood.
Now they're coming this way.
- And they're coming this way.
- They're looking for you!
Zahara. hurry!
- By the emergency exit.
- You're coming with us.
- No.
- Rafi!
Don't be ridiculous...
We'll go to the French embassy and...
I told you. Zahara. I'm too old.
Too old and too lame.
Go. I'll slow them down.
It was an honor to work by your side
all these years.
I promise you.
Really.
May God protect you.
Go.
Where's that bastard?
The prosecutor? Where is she?
I don't know.
- I don't know!
- Take him!
Don't laugh at him.
Don't fuck with me!
Who are you?
Her husband? Answer!
Hold him!
Why are you hitting me?
Why did you hit me?
Get out. now!
- Tell us where they are!
- I'm an old man.
I don't know anything.
I don't know where they are.
This is what Sharia law orders
to be done with infidels!
"The reward of those who wage war
against Allah and His messenger
and strive to spread corruption on earth.
is that they be killed
or crucified. or have their opposite hand
and leg cut off
or that they be expelled from the land.
This will be ignominy
for them here on earth...
and in the Hereafter.
an enormous punishment awaits them.”
Marcus.
If you've come to yell
at me about Kabul.
it's not my fault.
I've been telling Berlin
to evacuate everyone
as fast as possible for weeks.
And nobody listens to me.
Send me back.
In case you haven't been
following the news...
we are getting our people
out of the country.
not in.
General Hassan is unreachable.
He's the devil incarnate
for the Taliban.
We need to get him out.
Vera will be more useful here.
He saved my life.
Marcus.
And not only mine. he...
Look what he accomplished
in Kampisa.
He rebuilt hospitals.
He opened schools for girls.
I know. Vera.
General Hassan is the
future of Afghanistan.
I know the lay of the land.
You said yourself.
Germany is not doing
the right thing.
Let me help save face.
Let's say Germany's face is
in your hands.
Last time I checked.
you were not up for it.
Read my strength report.
If you have any doubts.
I'm of all meds.
I'm good.
Please.
Please let me find Hassan.
Do you think we can reach Panjshir?
It's our only hope.
And our country's.
Who are you calling?
An American.
An American. He might be able
to help us get there.
What American?
I did a mission with him two years ago.
What mission?
Doesn't matter.
He's not picking up anyway.
You're wasting your time.
The Americans have surrounded us.
The Americans have abandoned us.
I'm calling my dad.
Hello?
Hello. Dad? Thank God!
I couldn't reach you.
Oh my son! Where are you?
Join us. we're on our way
to the French embassy!
- How's Amina?
- She's safe at the hospital.
We're going to Baghlan.
I'm heading to Bagram.
We were able to get out
of the firing range.
We managed to get around the barricades.
They came so quickly. Dad...
There was nothing I could do.
You fought for your country.
you did your best!
You have nothing to be ashamed of!
But you're in danger now. like us...
You can't stay in Afghanistan!
It's my country. Dad.
I can't abandon it.
The Taliban have won. Fazal.
There's nothing left to do.
I'm going to Panjshir with Suliman.
That's crazy!
The greatest army in the world
and the international coalition
never managed to defeat them.
What do you think will happen
in the Panjshir? It's suicide.
Don't leave the game. father.
Take care of Mom.
she's in danger.
The Taliban are sweeping into Kabul.
No road is safe!
How will you get to Panjshir?
You hear me. Fazal?
Give up and meet us
at the French embassy! It's still open.
- I love you. Dad.
- Give me the phone.
Your mother wants to talk to you.
Not now.
I'll call you back.
Be careful.
Let's go.
Mom. we're just having a
soup over in Doha.
Okay?
But I think I will be in
room the day after tomorrow.
Mom. we're at the airport.
And it's safe here.
There's no risk.
We don't really know.
Apparently they entered the city.
But the US Army is everywhere here.
So it's safe.
Okay?
Listen. I really have to go now.
I will call you once I'm in Doha.
Yes. I know. mom. I know.
I know.
And I love you too.
Bye.
Rome wants me out of here now.
We lost an ambassador in Congo.
They don't want to take any risks.
which is normal.
But we need to keep
a diplomatic presence.
Sure. I can do that.
Mr. Ambassador.
There are hundreds of
people to evacuate.
It can't be up to you and
your soldiers to sort them out.
Well. I can stay here with Massini.
Just long enough to make sure that
everybody is set and ready.
No one can predict what will
happen in the coming hours.
Rome won't leave a woman in
such a hostile situation.
That's absurd.
Just precaution. Look.
there are soldiers everywhere here.
And it will be a symbolic
way to assert our principles.
Your courage is a credit to you.
Francesca.
But it's out of the question.
Then what do we do?
Giovanni will stay.
What?
I'm sorry. what?
You're the man for the job.
I mean. I don't feel like...
All you have to do is stay
here and review all
the applications.
Colonel Massini will bring
them to you.
It's only for a few days.
and you'll be heavily protected.
Look. I'm sorry to disagree.
But it's absurd to give such a
critical job to a young diplomat
who has hardly ever left
his office in Rome.
And I... I mean.
no disrespect to that.
No. no. no. no.
If you need anything.
all our lines will be open to you.
We'll be by your side.
You are the official Italian
representative in Afghanistan.
Believe me. it'll help your career.
Even NATO can't guarantee
we'll be able
to fly over Kabul again.
Thank you.
Yes. yes.
Balah is negotiating with the
Americans to send you
special forces.
I'll try to talk to them directly.
But for now.
you have to stand firm.
We'll do everything we can to
get you out of there.
Okay. I understand.
Well?
The Americans were also
caught off guard.
They have thousands of people to
evacuate at the airport.
They won't be able to
help us immediately.
What about special forces?
He's trying to find out.
We can't guarantee safety here.
We need to move.
Well. that hasn't been decided yet.
What if a hundred armed
Taliban show up?
What are we going to do?
They have other priorities
right now.
How do you know?
All the Afghans are safe
on the garden side.
Good.
Hello?
Yes. if you have a visa.
you can come to the embassy.
We're still here.
The doors are still open.
Be careful.
Are you out of your freaking mind?
There's 40 of us.
We don't know how to evacuate.
And you're telling people to
come? That's insane.
No one's safe here anymore.
They worked for us.
They life-signed danger.
and we're responsible for
the safety.
Not at the expense of ours.
I'm the embassy security officer.
So let's be clear.
I'm not going to justify
every decision I make.
Let's go.
Hi. Monica.
I'm just going for a week.
No. I can tell you
where I know that.
I promise.
Okay.
I love you. too.
Bye.
It shouldn't take long.
Bundeswehr headquarters are going
to love this.
What's going on?
Most of our planes are
coming back empty.
The last one had
only seven Afghans.
Pathetic.
Your car is here.
Great.
My last smoke in Kabul.
It's funny. huh?
It's like you were afraid
to set foot outside.
and now the outside has
come to you.
Here.
Take these.
You'll need them more than me.
I just wanted to stay
and complete my mission.
It's not that I didn't trust you.
You're saying that so I
won't fall apart.
If things get shitty.
you can always hide.
There's a hole behind
our containers.
It's protected by a hatch.
You just need to crawl inside.
Hey. I'm kidding.
There's no hole.
There's no hideout.
But our army is here.
Hey. everything's going to be fine.
By the grace of God.
we have liberated the country
from the American oppressor.
the government has fled
and we are now the supreme authority.
From now on.
the mujahidin are in charge here.
You can keep working
and taking care of your patients.
We are here to help you work.
We will issue new rules
of conduct but for now.
all back to work.
I'd rather die than work for you!
-All back to work!
- Please leave her alone!
All back to work!
What's going on?
Are the Taliban here?
A nurse said they were coming!
Yes. they're here.
but no one will hurt you. don't worry.
- Are you going to leave me?
- Of course not!
They say the nurses are leaving.
I'm a doctor. honey.
I'm not going anywhere. Okay?
You said there was a song
about the Arab world.
What's your favorite song again?
Rashaa Janana by Aryana Sayeed!
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back!
How are you?
I'm fine.
How're you holding up?
We have to make sure
we're safe tonight.
We have to drive as
far as possible tonight.
It will be harder to go unnoticed tomorrow.
That's the embassy.
There is the embassy.
we made it.
I'll be right back.
Stay here.
I'm sorry.
Did she leave?
- Did the French leave?
- No. they just closed the gate!
- We were told it was open!
- The Taliban are close.
But we have visas!
So do we. what do you think?
Look around.
How the hell did that happen?
Yeah. right?
They must have spread the word.
It's the only place people
can take refuge.
We need to disperse the crowd.
We have no idea what
the Taliban can do.
Let them in.
If the Taliban take the embassy.
it could become a
hostage situation.
Sheila. the gates need to
stay closed or half
the city will be at our door.
Fine.
Gates stay closed. I repeat.
gates stay closed.
Still up?
Yep.
Yeah. I was thirsty and I couldn't
find a bottle of water.
And? Did you find one?
Where are the Taliban now?
They took the entire suite
of Mr. Consul.
Mr. Consul.
Yep.
Really?
Yeah.
And it's the consul we need.
Get some rest.
We'll have a new wave of bread
and cheese in the morning.
When I was twelve.
I was the best student in my class.
The teachers wanted me to go
to high school in Kabul.
They told me that I could
study in the American University.
They said I would end up
at an American university
Like oil and steel.
like Yale or Harvard.
My parents had no money.
And what this country would have become
if Suliman Rassouli
It's like we went to Yale
and went to steel.
had gone to Yale and Harvard!
What happened?
- What?
- Over there!
- What did you see?
- Mohammad.
The Taliban you convicted?
If he comes back.
he'll recognize me.
What do we do?
- We can't stay here.
- We don't have a choice!
What is it?
What is this?
Americans!
Americans here?
What're you doing here?
We're farmers.
We were going to Kabul market.
but we decided to go home!
What do you have in the trunk?
The weapons...
Check the trunk!
It is locked. open it!